Let's go from zero to algo trader in 30
days. As very first step, you need a
back testing and execution platform. A
standard for the industry is developing
your own back testing execution scripts
using Python. However, if you're not
good developer, you're going to be
vulnerable to make mistakes which are
independence from your trading strategy.
So what I suggest is using multi charts.
The reason why I point to multi charts
are it is extremely reliable both for
big testing and execution purposes. It
is very easy to use and very easy to
code the logics of your strategy. You
can connect it to many data providers or
you can import custom data. It supports
many broker for the execution of your
orders and you can fully automate the
execution of your strategies with just
one click. to as step one go and get
your multi charts.